Just before we move on to editing our app and changing the way it looks and behaves Quickly we want
to show you how to open up these sample projects that come with of course after each video you'll see
that there's a sample project that you can download to view the actual content created in that video.
A lot of people ask how to open those.
I want to show you two ways to do it now.
So one option and the one I'd recommend is let's just close our project here and open up Android studio
to see the welcome screen and then just select open an existing Android studio project and then open
the folder that you downloaded the project to hopefully have unzipped it and you should see the project
there.
Example app and then open it will load the app from the file contents.
But another way of doing it lets just close that down again is to navigate to the folder itself.
And this is where people sometimes get a bit confused because it's not obvious which file you actually
click on to load the project into Android studio.
The answer is you double click the build dock cradle file and then if that's the first time you've done
it you'll need to choose Android studio as the application to associate cradle files with.
I just find it in your applications.
There it is.
Click open and as usual I'd stick to the defaults.
You can overwrite any files and then open existing projects.
There we go.
So those are the two ways to do it.
I'd recommend using file open either within Android studio itself or on the Welcome Screen.
We want to do it directly you just double click the build cradle file.
All right.
Enough of this let's get started building and editing apps.